[NARRATOR] Previously,
on Dragon Ball Z Kai...
I've destroyed
all remaining Earthlings.
Now the Challengers.
Bring them to me right now.
Give them some time. Please!
They only need two hours.
One would even work!
Just one hour?
And how long is that?
[PICCOLO] When all the sand
in this glass has dropped,
the hour is up.
[CHICHI grunts]
You turn into egg.
[CHICHI yells]
[gasps]
[PICCOLO]
Goten, control yourself!
Listen, the Dragon
Balls will allow us
to bring every one
back to life,
including your mom and Gohan.
But we can only do that
once you and Trunks
defeat Majin Buu.
[NARRATOR] Piccolo thought
he had bought the boys
an hour before they
would have to face
the powerful monster that
Majin Buu had become.
But then...
[bellows]
That is enough!
I wait no more!
Still more? How much further?!
Soon, Buu. They're down here
on the very bottom level
of this structure.
[NARRATOR] The epic
showdown between Gotenks
and Super Buu draws closer, now!
♪ Opening Song ♪
[footsteps]
[MR. SATAN groans]
I'm beat.
[stomach growls]
[barking]
[MR. SATAN grunts]
[BEE panting]
Stop all that yapping,
or I'm gonna eat you!
[BUU laughing]
[MR. SATAN]
Buu.
♪
[BUU laughing]
[MR. SATAN]
Come on, let's go.
[BEE barking]
[MR. SATAN]
Hey, I just noticed something.
There's no one around, is there?
Where'd they go
all the sudden? Hello?
[panting]
I told ya!
Knew we could do it!
You were right.
That was so cool!
I can't believe we actually
went beyond Super Saiyan!
At that level, we can't lose!
[chuckles]
We're gonna knock
everyone's socks off!
Takes a lot outta you though.
I'm kinda getting sleepy.
It's like all our energy
got sapped at once.
Yeah, but I'm
way more worried about
the way it drains
the clock. Look!
[GOTEN]
Hm?
[TRUNKS] We were only able
to keep it going for, like,
five minutes. And then we
couldn't even stay fused.
So what? If we power up
like we just did,
right off the bat,
we can finish Buu off
before five minutes is even up!
Really, dummy? Now what
would be the fun in that?
We've been training
for a whole week.
I wanna make the most of it!
The way I see it,
we've already gotten
so much better
in the last week
that even if we did Fusion
in our normal states,
we could totally level the
playing field with Majin Buu.
Uh-huh.
So here's what we do.
We start out evenly matched
with Buu's strength
and make everybody think that
the fight's gonna drag on
and on and on forever, okay.
And of course,
they're all gonna flip out
'cause they know that Fusion
can only last for 30 minutes.
But then, when we're down
to the last five minutes,
we do that Ultra-Super Saiyan
thing we just practiced
and blow Buu away for good!
Come on. How unbelievably
awesome will that be?!
[laughing]
Oh, yeah. That Majin Buu
guy won't know what hit him!
And it serves him right!
He'll pay for Dad, Gohan,
your mom--all of them! Hm!
Yeah, let's get him! Ha!
[growls lowly]
Where are they?!
[PICCOLO grunts]
[PICCOLO]
Somebody's impatient.
We're almost there, Buu.
[PICCOLO] Trunks and Goten,
do you hear me? It's Piccolo.
[BOTH]
Huh?
[PICCOLO] I'm speaking to you
directly through your minds.
Our minds?
[PICCOLO] Just keep quiet and
listen carefully, all right?
I'm afraid you boys
are going to
have to fight Majin Buu
sooner than we'd planned.
In fact, I'm heading
your way now with Buu.
[yells]
Now, as in right now?
But we just finished
going through Fusion
so we're both wiped out!
[PICCOLO]
There's no need for panic.
I'm intentionally taking the
long way to buy you some time.
Which should amount to quite
a bit of time in the chamber.
Get yourselves
some rest in preparation
for the battle ahead. Now!
I can probably draw this out
for another minute or so.
That will give you about
another six hours in there.
Use it well, all right?
Heh. Six hours is more than
enough time to get ready!
I can't wait to see
Piccolo's face when he sees
how good we've gotten
since we've been in here.
He'll be so shocked,
he might faint!
[BOTH laugh]
Perhaps you'd like
something to eat first?
No! Enough! Quit stalling!
No more wandering around
in circles, or I'll kill you!
[PICCOLO]
All right, fine.
[GOTEN, TRUNKS snoring]
[PICCOLO]
We're here.
What a strange room.
[SUPER BUU]
Hm?
Dun-dun-dun.
Dun!
We're ready for you.
Majin Buu!
--Nice, we nailed it!
--[GOTEN] Mm-hmm!
--Is that them? Bah.
--[PICCOLO] It is.
[PICCOLO] Please, let them
truly be ready for this fight.
Hey, this stinks. How come
Piccolo's the only one
who came to watch us
do our thing?
Thought for sure
we'd draw a bigger crowd.
This can't be them.
Wait for it.
[TRUNKS] Well, so what?
It's their loss.
Let's just do it
like we planned.
[GOTEN]
Mhmm!
You are going down.
Majin Buu!
It's hard to sound excited
when all I get to say
is "Majin Buu."
Hey, you're the one who
couldn't remember his lines--
or did you
forget that, too?
I was tricked!
[TRUNKS]
Stop whining and let's do this!
Before you forget
your part again.
You're probably right.
--You ready?
--You bet!
[TRUNKS] Ow, that hurt!
Hang on, will you?
You can't just come out
of nowhere like that
and take a cheap shot!
We weren't ready
for you yet, you big idiot!
Use your head for once!
We were just about to become
the warrior you wanted to fight!
Okay? Give us a second!
[SUPER BUU]
Mm-hmm.
I call do-over!
Now don't move an inch.
It's a complicated thing
and you don't
want us to mess it up.
All right, let's
do this again. Ready?
--Yup! All set!
--'Kay!
[BOTH]
Fu...
[PICCOLO]
What the hell are they doing?
Why aren't they starting out
at Super Saiyan
like I taught them?
[BOTH]
...sion! Ha!
Yes, that's it!
At least they're performing
the merge correctly!
Ha! Dun-da- da-da!
Meet Gotenks!
Oh, you? I remember you.
You're the little fly
I swatted away before.
You must be blind!
Or else you'd clearly see
I'm not the same as I was
last time we fought!
I don't have
too much time like this.
So I'd better hurry up
and show you
how different I am now!
Pay attention!
[PICCOLO] Ha! Yes,
he's different, all right!
It's obvious that he's way more
powerful than he was before!
It's even possible
he could win this.
Haaa-ah!
Tell me. Is it okay
for me to fight back yet?
Excuse me. I'll be back
in just a minute.
[GOTENKS] That's not
how I saw that going!
Those attacks should've had
way more of an impact on him!
Ha! I bet he's just
putting on a brave face
to try and psych me out.
[NARRATOR]
Right out of the gate,
Gotenks seems to be in trouble.
Give it everything
you've got, Gotenks!
The fate of the world
depends on it!
This... doesn't look promising.
Foolish! This is
what happens when
you don't begin Fusion
at Super Saiyan.
[neck cracks]
I was lied to.
You're not strong at all!
Huh. Yeah? That was
me having fun just now.
You ain't seen nothin'!
Hm!
Let's see if you
still think I'm weak
when I show you that
I really mean business!
Dynamite Kick!
Hyaaah!
I'm just getting started!
Yaaah! Dynamite Kick Boomerang!
[SUPER BUU yells]
Nnnngh! Aaah!
[SUPER BUU]
Was that supposed to hurt?
[GOTENKS]
Uh--nnh!
Whoa. This guy
can sure take a hit.
Check the weather report,
'cause here comes
the Rolling Thunder Punch!
Aah!
Not there.
Up here.
You! How dare you mock me?
[GOTENKS yelling]
[SUPER BUU grunts]
Why, you!
[hollers]
[grunting]
[GOTENKS]
Charging Mad Bull Attack!
Power Tackle!
Miracle Super Punch!
Great Kick Special!
Dangerous Machinegun Punch!
Quick Darting Ankle Blast!
Uh. What's next? Uhhh... hm!
Magnum Sundae!
Ultra Missile Parfait!
Hyper Plasma Shortcake!
Now...
Uh. "Screaming Angry Wombat."
Screaming Angry Womba--ow!
[groans]
That hurt!
Augh!
[GOTENKS] Ha! Ha-ha! You're not
so easy to beat, are you?
Well, that's okay.
I knew all along...
...you'd be a real handful. Ha!
Owie, ow, owie!
[grunts]
Time out, okay?
[PICCOLO groans]
Hm?
All right. Tell me straight.
You think that I'm totally
losing here, don't you, Piccolo?
I would rather
not be thinking that.
But given the way you've been
fighting, I see no choice.
[GOTENKS]
Hold it right there! I...
Eh--ah! Ugh!
Where the heck
are you taking me?
Don't worry. This is exactly
how I wanted the fight
to go down, okay.
So far, everything's going
according to plan.
You planned to lose?
No! Not that!
[whispering] What I mean
is I came into this
with a very clear vision
for the best way to win.
[PICCOLO] All right, that sounds
promising. What's your strategy?
[GOTENKS] See, at first, I act
like I'm getting my butt kicked,
then at the last second,
I make a huge comeback.
That's the most exciting,
crowd-pleasing way
of winning, right?
'Cause I really want people
to always remember
this victory as legendary
and entertaining! You know?
Right?
[PICCOLO] Stop worrying
about trivial nonsense
and hit him with
everything you've got now!
Aw, man. Sorry, but
you just don't appreciate
the showmanship that
goes into a great fight!
[growls]
[PICCOLO] I wish you'd told me
about these theatrics earlier
so I could've
put a stop to them!
[SUPER BUU]
Time-out is over!
Okay. Brace yourself
'cause the second round
starts now!
[PICCOLO] He's still
going too easy on Buu.
[GOTENKS]
Thousand Cannon Punch!
Spinning Top Kick!
[hollers]
[PICCOLO] Was all that
according to his plan, too?
Is this what
he calls showmanship?
That's enough!
You're a weak one!
You're no fun,
so I'll just kill you!
What was that?
Say it again, I dare you!
You have no clue
how powerful I am.
But you're about to find out!
You doubting me.
That makes me mad.
And you're gonna regret that!
--Huh?
--What's this?
Su... per... Saiyan!
[GOTENKS grunts]
--[GOTENKS] Heh.
--[SUPER BUU] Hm?
Whoa! He's able
to turn Super Saiyan
even after he's already
gone through Fusion?
[GOTENKS chuckles]
Piccolo's impressed, huh?
Well, wait till he sees
what else I can do!
[GOTENKS grunts]
Wow! He may actually
pull this off!
[GOTENKS] Been fun, but game
time's over. This ends now!
[SUPER BUU]
Mm?
You ready? Hmm.
Well well,
I wonder which one of my
super-powered moves I should
introduce you to first?
There's that one. Or that.
I came up with so many,
it's hard to choose.
[SUPER BUU]
Huh? Uhh.
Quit wasting time!
Pick one and attack!
Fine. I picked.
Though, if I do that one,
I'll kill him in one shot.
Too bad!
Now serving... Galactic Donut!
[GOTENKS]
Hm-hmm! Hyaah!
Stop!
[GOTENKS chuckles]
Hyaah!
Aah! It's working!
[SUPER BUU groans]
[yelling]
[NARRATOR] Gotenks has
turned Super Saiyan
and is quite
confident in himself.
He'll see if he can
truly defeat Buu
next Dragon Ball Z Kai!
♪ Closing Song ♪
[GOKU]
Hey! It's me, Goku!
Is Gotenks even
trying to win this fight?
Look at him. He's barely
made a scratch on Buu.
[GOTENKS] Ha! I'm through
playing around!
Time to show off a spooky cool
move I've been saving!
[GOKU]
Next time, on Dragon Ball Z Kai:
[GOHAN] Yikes!
That's his finishing move?
"Super Ghost Kamikaze Attack"?